OK, let's open up our reader book details screen, and as you see right now, it has nothing.
Let's go ahead and pass our nav controller and then we need to pass a book ID as well because it will
have to receive a book ID so that we can then.
Go and get that book that was clicked, get more information about it, so it is going to be a strong
message.
All right, we'll add something else later, but for now, that's fine.
That's great surface here.
That's what we do.
This remove that redundancy there.
What am I actually going to do?
Let's add a scaffold here again.
And four of my scaffold here, I want to say top bar, just put something like that.
That's all I need.
And then this surface is going to be inside the surface here.
We're going to pull it in inside there.
OK, so far, top bar going to do the same thing we did with others.
I'm just going to use our reader top bar what we call, read our app, top bar, app bar.
That is.
And in this case, here for the title, I'm just going to say detail details of such and we can just
pass out and have control.
That's fine like this.
And of course, we know that we're going to have here a lambda.
And I'm also going to pass an icon.
It's going to be icons by default, and I'm going to go to arrow back.
Profile, of course, is going to be false to say that we don't want to to say that we don't to say
this is not going to be the reader app from our home screen.
And then it can see on back row clicked.
There's a lambda I can pass here.
What I want to do is going to be nav controller that we have here that navigate around like this.
I'm going to say leaders screen.
I'm going to go back to reader search, search screen.
That's what we call it.
So inside here, I'll surface here.
I'm going to just create passive modifier first, like padding of about three dpi and then fill Max.
They just say, Phil Max sites, so we can tackle both right away.
OK.
And then I'm going to add a column.
Pastor Modifier.
If a padding of top about 12 deep will see that and then a vertical arrangement, I want to go to top
horizontal alignment center like this and will do work there for now.
Let's just say text book description as such.
Let's go to our reader navigation to make sure that we have that setup for details.
We don't just copy one of this.
Right at the bottom here, there's going to be details screen.
Reader book, I see these details, book details, screen, I think that's what we call it, detail
screen like that.
And for book ID for now will change all of that, of course.
Book it.
It's going to be just an empty string like this.
Let's see if this works.
That means we have to go to our research book because somewhere in our book row, which is going to
be this row here, we clicked.
We want to go to this.
This is actually a different app, by the way.
That's why it's working, right?
That's what I want to do.
So that means then in our book row, we have the clickable derivate event.
So we can then say, here I'm going to say nav controller just for testing.
Navigate.
Make sure we get to the root there.
And from readers.
Screens a detailed screen.
But name like that.
Let's see if this will work.
Gwen Run.
So click and book details and go back.
We go back to our sketchbooks.
This is real good.
Now let's talk about what will happen here.
So when we click, of course we go to the details, book right booklet, health ideas.
But what we will want to do is to make sure, of course, with that happens, we want to pass the ID
of this book.
That way, we're able then to retrieve that ID and then do another search.
Because if you remember correctly, we do have in our book API like this, we have this get book info
where we pass the book.
And then we will be able to then actually call that inside of our book repository.
We did this and we are supposed to go there and get that information about the book specific book.
So for that, we have to set things up a little bit differently, especially in our reader navigation.
So let's go there right now.
You see, I just had this composable because we were just testing things to see things working if they
were working or not.
But this is not going to do it, which means we have to pass that ID, which is going to be sent when
we actually click on this book.
So this book item will have an I.D. and we're going to pass it along with the navigation.
But in order to do that, we need to go back to our reader navigation and set it up.
So first, I'm going to put this outside and we say Val details name a search is going to be readers.
Screens or screens, I'm going to say detailed screen type name, so we can put it somewhere else.
OK, now we're going to use that.
So, you know, composable here we can pass a few other things if you have over.
It says we passed the route, which is why we passed.
It would always passed that.
But it can also pass arguments.
This is going to be a list of arguments and nav arguments, as they say here.
So if you read at the bottom of his arguments, it's a list of arguments to associate with destination.
OK.
So in this case, here, we're going to pass the ID through our arguments.
But before we do that, we need to actually make this extreme because we're going to be appending a
few other things here.
So that's why I put this little name outside.
So first, I'm going to say pass out detail name, which is just the same thing we had before, just
written differently.
And then I'm going to say forward slash, right?
So I'm creating here a root, and then I'm going to put inside of brackets like this and I'm going to
say, book it like that.
So I'm saying now I'm going to be passing a book, add a variable a path.
But I need to then say, Remember composable, it has these arguments, so I need to pass the actual
arguments.
Some say arguments.
Look at that.
It's a list.
OK, I could pass just one, but I'm going to show you how to pass a list because you could pass more
than one thing and say list of.
So in this case here, I'm going to say nav argument like this.
Create that function there, which will then pass if you items.
So really, what are we going to pass here is going to be what it is going to be a string which is going
to be book.
It has to be the same name as what we said this to be.
We have over this nav argomenti notice, we have this builder, which is a function in the last one.
That way we can actually say builder, or we can just use the trailing lambda.
And that's what we'll do.
So right here and we just put that and here and here, we're going to pass the type of arguments that
were going to pass to nav type.
So I'm going to say this case is going to be a string.
Type like this.
So it's going to happen now if that type, Nayef, type, type, string here, string type.
If this was something like an integer, I obviously would SECNAV type that integer.
There are many types within pass.
Forget it.
And then here we see we have this 80.
That's another lambda.
So I'm going to just change that to say back stack entry.
So we have something visual there.
What do we need to do here is as follow.
First of all, and I say back stack entry in a word past theta arguments say, get string.
So this is going to allow us to get this item in this case, when we get to our book details, right?
This actual ID, the key is going to be white while this key is going to be book I.D. And then I'm going
to say that let me have that block there so I can set things up.
That's when I'm going to take all of these what we had before and pass inside there.
Now I'm saying I'm going to find a way to get this argument because we are sending something which is
going to be an ID.
How do I get that ID in our back in our book details screen?
Well, I'm going to say it gets string.
It's a key that would be daddy, and I have that string key there.
So now I can say book ID instead of empty as we had before.
I'm going to pass that.
It like this.
And of course, it's noble.
I can just say to string this right now, you know, if I go to a reader of books search, but this
is where we click to go to details.
Now navigate here is a little bit different because now I can append by saying it's following, let's
say, class space and then double quotes there and then forward slash.
And then here I'm going to say, book it.
So each book has the ID field.
So now I'm going to pass that ID.
If I go to read a book details, I'm going to be able to get that book ID.
Is that possible?
This is going to be there?
So now I can say here, book it.
It's going to be equal to a book that I do like this.
Let's save this and run and see if this is going to work.
OK, let's see.
Let's just pick any book, click and voila, we have an ID.
And you wonder where that book is coming from?
Well, if you look.
In our items, you have that book object item, we call it item and there is an I.D. So each book has
this unique I.D. that we are passing along.
This is important because we can get this idea then and invoke another call to another, call to the
API and get information about that in that book.
So we're now able to get that book.
In fact, this is different.
Just memorize.
Maybe Badge gave the last three characters.
If I click on something else, see, it's totally different.
So I'm getting the correct book IDs.
It's like that.